# docusign_esignature_flutter_sdk.model.Jurisdiction

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:docusign_esignature_flutter_sdk/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**allowSystemCreatedSeal** | **String** | When **true,** the seal can be generated by the platform. | [optional] 
**allowUserUploadedSeal** | **String** | When **true,** the seal can be uploaded by the user. | [optional] 
**commissionIdInSeal** | **String** | When **true,** the notary's `comissionId` appears in the seal. | [optional] 
**county** | **String** | The county of the jurisdiction. | [optional] 
**countyInSeal** | **String** | When **true,** the county name appears in the seal. | [optional] 
**enabled** | **String** | When **true,** this jurisdiction is enabled. | [optional] 
**jurisdictionId** | **String** | The ID of the jurisdiction. The following jurisdictions are supported:  -  `5 - California` -  `6 - Colorado` -  `9 - Florida` -  `10 - Georgia` -  `12 - Idaho` -  `13 - Illinois` -  `14 - Indiana` -  `15 - Iowa` -  `17 - Kentucky` -  `23 - Minnesota` -  `25 - Missouri` -  `30 - New Jersey` -  `32 - New York` -  `33 - North Carolina` -  `35 - Ohio` -  `37 - Oregon` -  `38 - Pennsylvania` -  `40 - South Carolina` -  `43 - Texas` -  `44 - Utah` -  `47 - Washington` -  `48 - West Virginia` -  `49 - Wisconsin` -  `62 - Florida Commissioner of Deeds`  | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | The name of the jurisdiction. Typically the state name. | [optional] 
**notaryPublicInSeal** | **String** | When **true,** the name of the notary appears in the seal. | [optional] 
**stateNameInSeal** | **String** | When **true,** the name of the state appears in the seal. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


