# docusign_esignature_flutter_sdk.model.TemplateRole

## Load the model package
```dart
import 'package:docusign_esignature_flutter_sdk/api.dart';
```

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**accessCode** | **String** | If a value is provided, the recipient must enter the value as the access code to view and sign the envelope.   Maximum Length: 50 characters and it must conform to the account's access code format setting.  If blank, but the signer `accessCode` property is set in the envelope, then that value is used.  If blank and the signer `accessCode` property is not set, then the access code is not required. | [optional] 
**additionalNotifications** | [**List<RecipientAdditionalNotification>**](RecipientAdditionalNotification.md) | An array of additional notification objects. | [optional] [default to const []]
**clientUserId** | **String** | Specifies whether the recipient is embedded or remote.   If the `clientUserId` property is not null then the recipient is embedded. Use this field to associate the signer with their userId in your app. Authenticating the user is the responsibility of your app when you use embedded signing.  Note: if the `clientUserId` property is set and either `SignerMustHaveAccount` or `SignerMustLoginToSign` property of the account settings is set to  **true,** an error is generated on sending.   Maximum length: 100 characters.  | [optional] 
**defaultRecipient** | **String** | When **true,** this recipient is the default recipient and any tabs generated by the `transformPdfFields` option are mapped to this recipient. | [optional] 
**email** | **String** | The email address of the person associated with a role name. It is the email address of the person specified in the `name` property.  For an in-person signer, this is the email address of the host. | [optional] 
**emailNotification** | [**RecipientEmailNotification**](RecipientEmailNotification.md) |  | [optional] 
**embeddedRecipientStartURL** | **String** | Specifies a sender-provided valid URL string for redirecting an embedded recipient. When using this option, the embedded recipient still receives an email from DocuSign, just as a remote recipient would. When the document link in the email is clicked the recipient is redirected, through DocuSign, to the supplied URL to complete their actions. When routing to the URL, the sender's system (the server responding to the URL) must request a recipient token to launch a signing session.   When `SIGN_AT_DOCUSIGN`, the recipient is directed to an embedded signing or viewing process directly at DocuSign. The signing or viewing action is initiated by the DocuSign system and the transaction activity and Certificate of Completion records will reflect this. In all other ways the process is identical to an embedded signing or viewing operation launched by a partner.  It is important to understand that in a typical embedded workflow, the authentication of an embedded recipient is the responsibility of the sending application. DocuSign expects that senders will follow their own processes for establishing the recipient's identity. In this workflow the recipient goes through the sending application before the embedded signing or viewing process is initiated. However, when the sending application sets `EmbeddedRecipientStartURL=SIGN_AT_DOCUSIGN`, the recipient goes directly to the embedded signing or viewing process, bypassing the sending application and any authentication steps the sending application would use. In this case, DocuSign recommends that you use one of the normal DocuSign authentication features (Access Code, Phone Authentication, SMS Authentication, etc.) to verify the identity of the recipient.  If the `clientUserId` property is NOT set, and the `embeddedRecipientStartURL` is set, DocuSign will ignore the redirect URL and launch the standard signing process for the email recipient. Information can be appended to the embedded recipient start URL using merge fields. The available merge fields items are: `envelopeId`, `recipientId`, `recipientName`, `recipientEmail`, and `customFields`. The `customFields` property must be set for the recipient or envelope. The merge fields are enclosed in double brackets.   *Example*:   `http://senderHost/[[mergeField1]]/ beginSigningSession? [[mergeField2]]&[[mergeField3]]`  | [optional] 
**inPersonSignerName** | **String** | The full legal name of the in-person signer.  Maximum Length: 100 characters. | [optional] 
**name** | **String** | Specifies the recipient's name.  For an in-person signer, this is the name of the host. | [optional] 
**phoneNumber** | [**RecipientPhoneNumber**](RecipientPhoneNumber.md) |  | [optional] 
**recipientSignatureProviders** | [**List<RecipientSignatureProvider>**](RecipientSignatureProvider.md) | The default signature provider is the DocuSign Electronic signature system. This parameter is used to specify one or more Standards Based Signature (digital signature) providers for the signer to use. [More information.](/docs/esign-rest-api/esign101/concepts/standards-based-signatures/) | [optional] [default to const []]
**roleName** | **String** | Optional element. Specifies the role name associated with the recipient.<br/><br/>This property is required when you are working with template recipients. | [optional] 
**routingOrder** | **String** | Specifies the routing order of the recipient in the envelope.  | [optional] 
**signingGroupId** | **String** | When **true** and the feature is enabled in the sender's account, the signing recipient is required to draw signatures and initials at each signature/initial tab ( instead of adopting a signature/initial style or only drawing a signature/initial once). | [optional] 
**tabs** | [**EnvelopeRecipientTabs**](EnvelopeRecipientTabs.md) |  | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


